docs(configuration): add more experiments' options (#3707)
webpack/webpack.js.org: src/content/configuration/experiments.md

Available options:

- `mjs`: Support `.mjs` files as a way to define [EcmaScript modules](https://nodejs.org/api/esm.html#esm_ecmascript_modules)

> - `syncWebAssembly`: Support old WebAssembly like in webpack 4

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `syncWebAssembly`: Support the old WebAssembly like in webpack 4
```

> - `asyncWebAssembly`: Support new WebAssembly according to the [updated spec](https://github.com/WebAssembly/esm-integration), makes a WebAssembly module an async module

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `asyncWebAssembly`: Support the new WebAssembly according to the [updated specification](https://github.com/WebAssembly/esm-integration), it makes a WebAssembly module an async module
```

> - `topLevelAwait`: Support [Top Level Await Stage 3 proposal](https://github.com/tc39/proposal-top-level-await), makes the module an async module when `await` is used on top-level

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `topLevelAwait`: Support the [Top Level Await Stage 3 proposal](https://github.com/tc39/proposal-top-level-await), it makes the module an async module when `await` is used on the top-level
```

- `importAsync`: import async modules with `import`
- `importAwait`: import async modules with `import await`

> - `asset`: a type of module that allows to use asset files (fonts, icons, etc) without configuring additional loaders, similar to `file-loader`|`url-loader`|`raw-loader`

Reviewer: I think icons is the use case of images, better to list actual resource type. Also added spaces near pipes to make it less cryptic for the crawlers
```suggestion
- `asset`: a type of module that allows to use asset files (fonts, images, etc) without configuring loaders to handle their importing, similar to `file-loader` | `url-loader` | `raw-loader`
```
